I've launched into pioneering all, you know, looking at things through rose-tinted glasses,
I thought, right, I'm going to start pioneering, my life is going to be perfect after this.
And I'd never been in particularly good personal study or student when it came to, I did
the watchtower and the basics.
But I realised that after a while I just wasn't finding, finding the joy, I was running
out of steam, it was my personal study that was missing, it was a big hole where I was
giving to people and not taking anything in, I needed to take in some fuel so that I
would be able to give.
What helped me know what real service is about was getting better Bible reading routine
and a closer relationship with Jehovah.
You're giving out all the time on the ministry.
If you're not taking in spiritual food to replenish that supply, then you'll enjoy
it from the ministry just dwindles and you don't have success.
What used to satisfy you before as far as knowledge may not do there for you now because
you're growing in the truth.
So you need to continually just step up the research in everything when it comes to personal
study.
Some people will try to rely on the joy that they'll get from the ministry, from the
results that they get, in some territories that simply won't work.
And so what a person in that situation has got to do is they've got to get joy that
comes from within them, they've got to put it there.
And that means they've got to stoke up their boilers with good quality personal study.
For instance, if you're doing your personal Bible reading and you look up some points,
you get really excited about it and you want to share that, you want to use that on the
ministry.
I've come to find out that if I don't sit down and actually meditate and read on what
Jehovah says, I can't balance the other things.
They all start to fall out my hand.
Like Bible reading and personal study is one of the smaller things that I constantly try
to work on and then I can handle the more greater things.
With me, it's the insight books.
I've been starting to read them and I just find it fascinating learning about all the
different Bible characters.
Well, I personally like the older volumes of the watchtower and wake.
I mean, if you look into them, you see how many experiences are in the watchtowers.
It's amazing.
I often hear Victor's work on my way to work.
I often listen to the tapes of the magazines and then I try to read them at home and in
the evenings, depending on how tired I am, how exhausted I am, I try to read a portion
of the Bible.
I have noticed that when I do a personal study, my relationship with Jehovah gets closer,
my appreciation grows and in turn, I have created joy in bringing his word to the people.